Versioning (#27)
argoapp-live/argo-docs: versioned_docs/version-3.0.0-beta/projects/environment-variables.md

---
id: environment-variables
title: Environment Variables
sidebar_label: Environment Variables
slug: /projects/environment-variables
---

Environment Variables are key-value pairs set up outside of your source code that allow each value to vary based on the environment.

> Spheron environment variables are accessible during your build. This allows you to change behaviors based on deploy parameters or to include information you don’t want to save in your repository, such as API keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project's environment variables are accessible during your build. This allows you to change behaviors based on deploy parameters or to include information you don’t want to save in your repository, such as API keys.
```
